Update install doc + some fixes (#108)
GalSim-developers/GalSim-Euclid-Like: INSTALL.rst

Installation Instructions
=========================
The GalSim-Euclid-Like repository contains two python libraries and currently supports Python versions 3.10 and above.

System requirements: Given the heavy dependance on GalSim, GalSim-Euclid-Like currently only supports Linux and Mac OSX. For 
further details on system requirements for GalSim see `GalSim Installation <https://github.com/GalSim-developers/GalSim/blob/main/INSTALL.rst>`_.

Dependencies
------------

GalSim-Euclid-Like requires ``python>=3.10`` and the following dependencies::

    numpy>=1.17,
    galsim>=2.6,
    astropy>=2.0
                                                                              

> Instal the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the code
```

    $ python
    >>> import euclidlike
    >>> euclidlike.getBandpasses()

GalSim-Euclid-Like ImSim dependencies
-------------------------------------

To use the euclidlike_imsim package part of GalSim-Euclid-Like, other dependencies are required.

> Firts, `LSST Science pipelines <https://pipelines.lsst.io/index.html#>`_ need to be installed. The easiest way to install it (on Linux distribution) is using Stackvana as follow. For more options, we reffer to the `installation instructions <https://pipelines.lsst.io/index.html#installation>`_::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the `LSST Science pipelines <https://pipelines.lsst.io/index.html#>`_ need to be installed. The easiest way to install it (on Linux distribution) is using Stackvana as follow. For more options, we refer to the `installation instructions <https://pipelines.lsst.io/index.html#installation>`_::
```

    conda install stackvana

In addition to the LSST Science pipelines, the `SkyCatalogs <https://lsstdesc.org/skyCatalogs/>`_ needs to be installed from an independent fork to make use of the Euclid photometry. This can be achieve by running the command::

    pip install git+https://github.com/aguinot/skyCatalogs.git@euclid_band

SkyCatalogs requires other dependencies::

    conda install -c conda-forge dust_extinction

or::

    pip install dust_extinction

> Extra files are also required, they can be dowload following the instructions `here <https://lsstdesc.org/imSim/install.html#install-needed-data-files>`_. The path to those files need to be set in a environment variable::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extra files are also required, they can be downloaded following the instructions `here <https://lsstdesc.org/imSim/install.html#install-needed-data-files>`_. The path to those files needs to be set in a environment variable::
```
